README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
currently working on web development<br>currently learning new significant things<br>fun fact about me is i do multitasking most of the time


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/https://discordapp.com/users/573446422058500096) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/@kingeduard) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/Eduard King Anterola) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:eduardkinganterola@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=flat&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=flat&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=bun&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=flat&logo=react) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=flat&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=flat&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=flat&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=flat&logo=yarn&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=flat&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=flat&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-%23F7B93E.svg?style=flat&logo=prettier&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Eduard-K-A&theme=transparent&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Eduard-K-A&theme=transparent&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Eduard-K-A&theme=transparent&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Eduard-K-A&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Eduard-K-A&limit=5&theme=radical&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Eduard-K-A&icon=0&color=13)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/https://paypal.me/EduardSKing) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section and add socials
Updated the 'About Me' section with a more engaging introduction and added social media links.

README.md, after:

## 💫 About Me

Hey there! Thanks for dropping by!

- 🌐 I'm currently diving deeper into **web development** and building projects that help me grow as a developer.  
- 📘 I'm always on the lookout for **new things to learn**, whether it's a framework, a concept, or a cool tool.  
- 🤹‍♂️ **Fun fact:** I tend to multitask a lot, it's my secret way of keeping things exciting!

Feel free to explore my work or connect with me!



## 🌐 Socials:
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/https://discordapp.com/users/573446422058500096) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/@kingeduard) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/Eduard King Anterola) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:eduardkinganterola@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=flat&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=flat&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=bun&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=flat&logo=react) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=flat&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=flat&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=flat&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=flat&logo=yarn&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=flat&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=flat&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-%23F7B93E.svg?style=flat&logo=prettier&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Eduard-K-A&theme=transparent&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Eduard-K-A&theme=transparent&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Eduard-K-A&theme=transparent&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Eduard-K-A&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Eduard-K-A&limit=5&theme=radical&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Eduard-K-A&icon=0&color=13)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/https://paypal.me/EduardSKing) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
